Prepare to die!
Your blood shall be spilled this day!
I shall delight in your torture!
I shall feast on your entrails!
I damn you to oblivion!
I am going to split you like a ripe melon!
Pray while you still can!
Pray to your maker!
Submit to the cold embrace of death!
Your head will hang on my wall!
Give in to darkness and despair!
You shall burn in eternal hell!
Your life belongs to me!
I will spill your blood across the ground and dance upon your cooling corpse!
What noise will you make when I tear off your limbs one by one?
My god will torture your soul forever when I present him with your charred corpse!
You shall pay for your trespass with your life!
Your agony shall certainly please my god!
I will bet on how many organs I can remove before you stop making noise!
It has been long since I have seen one of your kind die!
After I tear off your limbs, you will squirm until I crush you in my endless mercy!
You will beg for death before I am done!
Die!  Die!  DIE!
You will be proud to die at my hands!
Perhaps you will be a worthy prey!
There is no escape!
Are you yet afraid?  If not, you will be!
You will know nothing but terror when I am through!
I shall scatter your shredded corpse across the land for all to see!
Your body will fall like a limp bag!
Scream now, for you will soon be unable to speak!
Your screams of agony will give me orgastic dreams this night!
I will show you the true meaning of horror!
Have dread, your life ends now!
Yet another [AUDIENCE:RACE] shall kneel before me!
Your innards will soon fly!
Your flesh shall soon meet my weapon!
You will pay for this!
WHAAAAAGGGGHHHH!
Time to die, meat!
I will crush your brains to paste!
I shall exterminate you, vermin!
You will never stop me!
Feel my wrath!
The gods will find your soul unworthy!
Catch this! With your face!
I shall soon teach you in the ways of pain!
That's right! Run!
Your struggles will hardly trouble me!
You blighter!
I will not let this trespass stand!
Your eyes will burst like sickly boils!
You will soon wear your intestines around your neck!
Blood for the Blood God!
Prepare to be blown apart!
I shall draw first blood here!
I will smack you upside the head with a cave fish!
Your universe will become pain!
The stars have foreseen my victory over you, worm!
Soon your life shall be snuffed!
I shall knock you from the frozen wastes to the burning deserts!
You will be stomped into the ground!
I will bash you until your horrid face is unrecognizable!
Can you conceive the wrath you have called down?
You are making me angry, fool. You would not like me when I am angry.
I will wear you lungs as my vest!
I will knit your hair into a merkin! (look it up, but you might be sorry...)
Your suffering will be legendary!
I have been waiting for this!
Perhaps you would like a moment to change your trousers? Ha ha ha ha!
Do you hear that sound? It is the sound of your doom, growing closer, closer, closer!
I would ask your name, but you will be another anonymous corpse soon enough!
Now that we are introduced, let us fight!
You will not take me today!
I guess I must kill you now. So be it!
I will strike you so hard, your ancestors will feel it!
You should just kill yourself now to save us both time, you know...
I will reduce you to a pile of gore!
Stand and fight!
Show me what you've got!
You should've stayed home!
Death is the only escape.
Life is meaningless. It is in death that we are truly tested.
You seek death?
Be still!
You will find no peace in death.
One foot in the grave, firmly planted.
Sheathe your sword, warrior, lest ye fall on it when stricken
What was yours is mine. Your land, your people, and now your life
BEG! for death, and ill make it quick
This is MY world, you are not welcome in MY world
Your cries for mercy will not move me.
You are a Maggot! hatched from a mutant Maggot egg!
Your death shall mirror your pathetic life!
I've got a blade with your name on it.
Do not trifle with me, worm.
I'm through playing games with you.
Cross me, and DIE.
I will shatter your soul.
Ahh, a fresh crop of, victims.
HaHa, run weaklings, it pleases me.
Your soul is mine!
Can nooone offer me a challenge?
Come over here, i promise i will heal you.
If the Gods had wanted you to live, they would not have created me!
I am going to strangle you with your own frilly training bra!
To the abyss with thee!
I'm going to stick one arm down your throat, one arm up your arse, and twiddle my thumbs in your guts!